Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
Ans :is a computer language programmers used to develop software

What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
Ans:Java Runtime Environment(JRE), Compiler(javac),
What is IDE?
Ans:  Integrated Development Environment, is a software application that combines all of the features and tools needed by a software developer.
What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
Ans: Eclipes,IntelliJ,NetBeans,JDeveloper, MyEclipse, Blue, JCreator
Explain the entire java life cycle.
what is class?
Ans: is building block of an OOP, (template that describe behaviors)
What is object?
Ans: an instance of a class
What is the entry point of an application?
Ans:is where the first instructions of a program are executed, and where the program has access to command line arguments.
Why main is static?
Ans: so that compiler can call it without the creation of an object or before the creation of an object of the class.
Which class is the superclass of all classes?
Ans: Object class
What is difference between path and classpath variables?
path defines where to find .exe, while classpath is to specify the location.
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Ans:The interface is a blueprint that can be used to implement a class.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ?no
if not how do you use it ?
Ans:
what is Access Specifier?
Ans: Java Access Specifiers regulate access to classes, fields and methods in Java
What is OOP ? Object Oriented programming
Define each feature of java OOP.
Ans Encapsulation, Inheritance, Polymorphism,Abstaction.
What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
Ans: Java package is folder that contains java classes, java compiler import java.lang by default
What is API? Application Programmimg interface
Ans: Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?